I have known Pippa Lee for 25 years she
is an enigma giving caring beautiful
intelligent star
I wish I could be peaceful and good like
you good
bitch pills what are you taking for
why New York back rodent in your part
yeah
thank you special well especially like I
can't believe you landed in my lap
there's a sadness I like that in
moderation are you having a hard time
living here in wrinkle berry it's
strange
/ what happened to us we used to laugh
so much
girl laughs all times you had three
serious heart attacks is that not enough
for you people for Christ's sakes I'm
not dead yet what are you pray for when
you pray I don't know how to do that it
does to transformation
who is that guy he's my friend I'm just
seeing what happens next